OpenSSL/quictls: add support for TLSv1.3 early data (#16477)
curl/curl: docs/libcurl/opts/CURLOPT_SSL_OPTIONS.md

## CURLSSLOPT_EARLYDATA

Tell libcurl to try sending application data as TLS1.3 early data. This option
is supported for GnuTLS, wolfSSL, quictls and OpenSSL (but not BoringSSL

> or AWSLC). It works on TCP and QUIC connections using ngtcp2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or AWS-LC). It works on TCP and QUIC connections using ngtcp2.
```
nit to have AWS-LC match other mentions
